I don't know why I'm doing this but I
don't want to have something it's not
yoshi island it's not you'll see what it
is just I really don't know why I'm
doing this but I'll say some things
first
yeah I haven't that nvm not doing
anything lately and then when i started
to upload it wouldn't upload it just
stopped a middle and I could really been
having I can't upload it so find fix
that later but right now I'm just
reporting all the stuff so I want to do
some random thing right now I'm going to
do that and you're going to see so and
that's my first by the way may not be
able to see I don't know but
oh well fights we do never play this
game forever if I have I don't remember
we were playing
sure your game
shipwreck
ok we're going to a shipwrecked itís
good something
ok
like isn't this the haunted ship wreck
going no way I'm spending a day on any
sweetie rec brat right raggy
excuse that he always does who's that
there's a scooby-doo music so we can do
ok is that my likes poop go over there
yeah I can jump and look at the screen
ok
okay let's go in here
never play this game on
ok
that
why is that rat walking what
how are you afraid of a rat look like
die or something
what
okay so I died
that's all rat
okay go in there no
that or what on my favorite thing
scaring me I can't do anything now we
use the items okay boss that's suitcase
I'm okay
this is okay what am I supposed to do
they're clues but how I get clues want
to pick up the scooter
okay what
what
that's more scaring me
hey why can't I go in there
and go here no like us to do
I don't even know I'm doing like what or
am I supposed to get oh there's a try
again
the way I want to die but i can run okay
i can write apparently
this is interesting the other one do
that makes him sniff okay
can run the walls once you step the
ground
I don't know what to do
50 gallons more Scooby
okay now it killed get this game why
don't I suppose do what
what
I still get myself to do
funds doing that I'm doing
on your legs
no I'm scared again come on
where that we might do
what
ok
King to the making sense
I looking at me
the way
oh I want a big thing
great again
ah
game over
good I want the game to be over I was
stupid I didn't know what I was even
doing when I was just stupid
well that's what the noon
my new world offense whatever bye